Confucius says "Man who drop watch in toilet have shitty time."
Confucius says "Man trapped in pantry have ass in jam."
Confucius says "Virgin like balloon . . . one prick, all gone."
Confucius says "Baseball wrong . . . man with four balls cannot walk!"
Confucius says "Baby conceived in automatic car shiftless bastard."
Confucius says "A bird in hand makes hard to blow nose."
Confucius says "Man who smoke pot choke on handle."
Confucius says "Ok for shit to happen . . . will decompose."
Confucius says "Man who put head on Rail Road track to listen for train likely to end up with splitting headache." 
Confucius says "Secretary becomes permanent fixture when screwed on desk." 
Confucius says "Don't drink and park, accidents cause people." 
Confucius says "He who crosses the ocean twice without washing is a dirty double crosser." 
Confucius says "Man who tell one to many light bulb jokes soon burn out!" 
Confucius says "It takes many nails to build crib, but one screw to fill it." 
Confucius says "Never raise hands to angry child, it leave groin exposed." 
Confucius says "Man who fart in church sit in his own pew!"
Confucius says "Man who eat many prunes, sit on toilet many moons." 
Confucius says "Confucius say too God damn much!"
Confucius says "Man who drive like hell bound to get there!" 
Confucius says "Man who keep feet firmly on ground have trouble putting on pants!" 
Confucius says "Man who stand on toilet is high on pot!" 
Confucius says "Man who sit on tack get point!" 
Confucius says "Man who runs behind car gets exhausted!" 
Confucius says "Man who jump off cliff jump to conclusion!" 
Confucius says "War not determine who's right, war determines who's left."
Confucius says "Honeymooning campers have one intent!" 
Confucius says "Man who sells Kotex, is crack salesman."
Confucius says "Man who lay girl on hill not on level."
Confucius says "Better to sleep with old hen than pullet."
Confucius says "Man with athletic finger make broad jump."
Confucius says "Virgin like baloon:  one prick, all gone."
Confucius says "Man who plays with titty gets bust in mouth."
Confucius says "Panties not best thing on earth, but next to it."
Confucius says "Woman pilot who fly upside down have crack up."
Confucius says "Man who lays girl in field gets piece on earth."
Confucius says "Man who have hole in pocket feels cocky all day."
Confucius says "Woman who puts rooster in freezer have frozen cock."
Confucius says "Girl who goes to bed with detective must kiss dick."
Confucius says "Man who screws cook in pantry often gets ass in jam."
Confucius says "He who fishes in other mans well often catches crabs."
Confucius says "Man who marries girl with no bust have right to feel low down."
Confucius says "Boy who goes to bed with sex problem wake up with solution in hand."
Confucius says "Squirrel lay on rock and crack nuts; man lay on crack and rock nuts."
Confucius says "Girl should not marry basketball player:  he dribbles before he shoots."
Confucius says "Baby conceived on back seat of automobile with automatic transmission grow up to be shiftless bastard."
Confucius says "He who sleep with itchy bum, rise with smelly thumb."
Confucius says "Man who lose key to girl friends apartment, no get nukey."
Confucius says "Hooker with bike pedal ass all over town."
Confucius says "Man who can bait hook without hooking finger, is a Master Baiter!" 
Confucius says "Man who take woman to wood on hill not on level"
Confucius says "Man who go through airplane door sideways going Bangkok"
Confucius says "Man who can't get wife off has no bitch coming"
Confucius says "Man who play with sharp objects may not be man for long" 
Confucius says "It easier to meet girl in park than park meat in girl." 
Confucius says "Foolish man give wife grand piano. Wise man give wife upright organ." 
Confucius says "Man with one chopstick go hungry." 
Confucius says "All men eat, but Fu Manchu."
Confucius says "Boy fool with girl in wrong period get caught red handed." 
Confucius says "Chemist who fall in acid, absorbed in work." 
Confucius says "Crowded elevator smell different to midget."
Confucius says "Even the greatest whale is helpless in middle of desert." 
Confucius says "Girl laid in tomb may soon become mummy." 
Confucius says "Girl who sit on brother-in-law's knee, make hard for sister." 
Confucius says "Girl who sit on jockey's knee get hot tip." 
Confucius says "Girl with back to fire warming whole of her body." 
Confucius says "He who eat cookie in bed, will wake up feeling crumby." 
Confucius says "He who eat ice cream in car is a Sundae Driver." 
Confucius says "He who masturbates in front of cash register come into money." 
Confucius says "He who pull out too fast leave rubber behind." 
Confucius says "He who put face in punch bowl get punch in nose." 
Confucius says "He who sniff Coke, drown." 
Confucius says "He who stick head in open window get pane in neck." 
Confucius says "He who stick head in oven get baked bean." 
Confucius says "If you turn an oriental around, he become disoriented." 
Confucius says "If you want pretty nurse, you got to be patient." 
Confucius says "Is good to learn how to masturbate, may come in handy!" 
Confucius says "Is stuffy inside fortune cookie." 
Confucius says "It take a lot of balls to make a football team." 
Confucius says "Keeping it in family sure sound incestuous." 
Confucius says "Lady who live in glass house, dress in basement!" 
Confucius says "Look for helping hand on end of own arm." 
Confucius says "Man and mouse alike, both end up in pussy." 
Confucius says "Man kicked in testicles, left holding bag." 
Confucius says "Man should never straddle barbed wire fences." 
Confucius says "Man who abuse his computer get bad bytes!" 
Confucius says "Man who buy drowned cat must pay for stinking wet pussy." 
Confucius says "Man who drop watch in whisky is wasting time."
Confucius says "Man who eat photo of father,soon spitting image of father."
Confucius says "Man fall in vat of molten glass make spectacle of self."
Confucius says "Man who go out with flat chested woman feel shallow."
Confucius says "Man who lifts stones off woman get rocks off."
Confucius says "Man who push piano down mine shaft get a flat miner."
Confucius says "Man who put cock on stove have hot rod."
Confucius says "Man who put foot in mouth get athlete's tongue."
Confucius says "Man who read woman like book, prefer braille!"
Confucius says "Man who scratch butt should not bite fingernails!"
Confucius says "Man who sit on hot stove will rise again."
Confucius says "Man who step in it often say it."
Confucius says "Man with hand in bush not necessarily trimming shrubs."
Confucius says "Passionate kiss like spider web, lead to undoing of fly."
Confucius says "Pentocostal who pass out get laid in church"
Confucius says "Squirrel who runs up woman's leg not find nuts."
Confucius says "Those who make love in strawberry patch have butt in jam."
Confucius says "To prevent hangover stay drunk!"
Confucius says "Woman who pounce on dead rooster go down on limp cock."
Confucius says "Woman who spend much time on bedspring have offspring."
Confucius says "Woman who turn back on lover get screwed over."
Life is sexually transmitted.
Kids in the back seat cause accidents; accidents in the back seat cause kids.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but two Wrights made an airplane.
It's not the pace of life that concerns me, it's the sudden stop at the end.
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun.
The only time the world beats a path to your door is if you're in the bathroom.
If God wanted me to touch my toes, he would have put them on my knees.
Never knock on Death's door; ring the doorbell and run (he hates that).
Lead me not into temptation (I can find the way myself).
When you're finally holding all the cards, why does everyone else decide to play chess?
If you're living on the edge, make sure you're wearing your seat belt.
The mind is like a parachute; it works much better when it's open.
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive, anyway.
There are two kinds of pedestrians... the quick and the dead.
An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
It's not hard to meet expenses... they're everywhere.
Jury: Twelve people who determine which client has the better attorney.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth.
Indecision is the key to flexibility.
If you find something you like, buy a lifetime supply, because they will stop making it.
All things being equal, fat people use more soap.
You can't tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
Be kind, everyone you meet is fighting a tough battle too.
This is as bad as it can get... but don't bet on it.
There is no substitute for genuine lack of preparation.
By the time you can make ends meet, they move the ends.
Happiness is merely the remission of pain.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Sometimes too much drink is not enough.
The facts, although interesting, are generally irrelevant.
The world gets a little better every day, and worse in the evening.
Someone who thinks logically is a nice contrast to the real world.
The other line always moves faster... until you get in it.
Anything worth fighting for is worth fighting dirty for.
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler.
Friends may come and go but enemies accumulate.
It's hard to be nostalgic when you can't remember anything good.
I have seen the truth and it makes no sense.
To live forever, acquire a chronic disease and take care of it.
If you think that there is good in everybody, you haven't met everybody.
If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
One seventh of your life is spent on Monday.
The more you run over a dead cat, the flatter it gets.
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Do unto others.
